julia.wagner@mail.utoronto.ca  Hackathon Organizer Julia
smile.peng@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Smile
katherine.liang@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Katherine
himanish.jindal@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Director Himanish
floria.fang@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Director Floria
judy.yue@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Judy
rayan.hossain@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Rayan
srinidhi.shankar@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Director Srinidhi
eri.yoshida@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Eri
m.teferi@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Martha
simonwithnoe.wang@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Simon
alicexyz.zhou@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Director Alice
amelie.wang@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Amelie
alisha.pham@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Director Alisha
ellina.zhang@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Ellina
yunjia.hao@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Yun Jia
sanjana.dasadia@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Sanjana
abc.cheung@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Director Andrew
tasnim.reza@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Director Tasnim
pratibha.thakur@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Pratibha
natalieanna.chan@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Natalie
tehreem.masood@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Director Tehreem
dalia.mahidashti@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Director Dalia
ananya.sharma@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Ananya
m.bahadur@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Mihika
tangia.zhou@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Tangia
shikhar.chaurasia@mail.utoronto.ca Mentor Shikhar
sharmieka.premaseelan@mail.utoronto.ca Mentor Sharmieka
nick.nabavi@mail.utoronto.ca  Mentor Nick
tudor.sigmund@mail.utoronto.ca Mentor Tudor
a.sim@mail.utoronto.ca Mentor Alastair
samuelt.liu@mail.utoronto.ca Mentor Samuel
berke.altiparmak@mail.utoronto.ca Mentor Berke
preetha.manohar@mail.utoronto.ca Mentor Preetha
daniel.qiu@mail.utoronto.ca Mentor Daniel
ja.liao@mail.utoronto.ca Mentor Jiaheng
avelyn.wong@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Director Avelyn
fahim.talukder@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Director Fahim
leeoo.li@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Director Leo
erichanxiang.ji@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Eric
karandeep.lubana@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Karandeep
d.alshekerchi@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Dana
luke.cheseldine@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Luke
ethan.hugh@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Ethan
arsh.kadakia@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Arsh
mustafa.abdulrahman@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Director Mustafa
yuying.liang@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Director YuYing
t.luan@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Terry
hcz.zhang@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Haochen
chanhyukyang.yang@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Chan
Kovidsrivart@gmail.com Hackathon Organizer Kovid
martin0xff@gmail.com Mentor Martin
xiaoen.zhang@mail.utoronto.ca Mentor Shawn
lisasiaili@gmail.com Mentor Lisa
graham@grahamhoyes.com Mentor Graham
quinsykora@gmail.com Mentor Quinlan
gaurav.ranganath@gmail.com Hackathon Organizer Gaurav
Brenny.chao@mail.utoronto.ca Hackathon Organizer Brenny
